hello what's going on guys welcome back
for another show today I'm gonna show
you science fiction action film the
chappie the capital city of South Africa
is suffering from a skyrocketing crime
rate leading to its deployment of highly
intelligent robotic Scouts to supplant
the overwhelmed human police force and
help preserve law and order they're
these autonomous androids are developed
by a British scientist David who is
praised for the success but suffers envy
from Vincent the engineer in the same
company for a competing loose robot
which seems less intelligent and has to
be remotely controlled by human at home
David keeps trying and creates an
artificial intelligence program that can
mimic a human mind to the point of
feeling emotions and having opinions but
he is refused by the company CEO to test
his AI program on a police robot for
it's useless to the weapon manufacturer
feeling disappointed David decides to
test his program on his own he then
steals the guard key to update the
robots software
he then sneaks out with a recently
damaged robot put into his van however
on his way home he's kidnapped to a
hideout by three criminals who
threatened to kill him unless he
programs to shut down the police robots
for the cash truck in order to steal
money because they're in heavy debt of
20 million to a powerful gangster boss
due to their mistake made during drug
dealing
David reveals that there's no way to
shut down the police robots but instead
he offers to reprogram an intelligent
robot to help them steal he then
installs the new software into the
damaged robot which responds with
childlike anxiety and fear upon powering
up the girl tries to babysit the lovely
robot she teaches at words and gives it
a baby named chappie
on the other side Vincent tries to
promote his new model robot to the
police who turned to be unwilling to
deploy such heavy product to supplant
the police force suffering from this
failure Vincent intends to secretly
update his model with the guard key
which is then found missing and used in
a damaged robot chappie observes the new
environment like a child and even mimics
the post from the cartoon show he is
then trained to steal by the impatient
gangster
while the girl treats him as a child and
wants to mother him David even shows him
a storybook teaching him how to read and
paint but due to the impending deadline
for the debt the two try to train
chappie to be a gangster by leaving him
in a dangerous neighborhood to fend for
himself
chappie is molested and wounded by a
group of thugs he manages to flee away
from the brutal real world all the way
to a deserted hilltop where the fearful
and helpless champions followed up and
captured by Vincent who's coming for the
guard key installed inside its body
Vincent's successfully extract the guard
key and orders to disassembly chappie
but the traumatized chappie escapes and
finds his way to the hideout the girl
scolds the gangster for mistreatment and
tries to comfort her little baby the
next day the gangsters tricked chappie
into stealing for them by lying about
the money needed to replace his dying
battery they then trained him in martial
arts and weapon handy with everything
set chappie his trick to believe that
somebody has stolen their car enraged by
the thief's story
chappie storms up front but breaks the
car instead the gangsters are upset by
chappies misunderstanding but have to
keep leading him the right way which
turns to be very fruitful later they
soon get the bombs in exchange of stolen
luxury cars planning to explode the cash
truck for huge money the gangster tricks
chappie to believe that they need more
money to replace his irreplaceable and
dying battery which is given by David
knowing the truth chabi challenges his
father David for the reason however
chappie endures a sudden unknown
collapse
David has to take him back to the
company laboratory to fix him where
Vincent has just uploaded a virus with a
guard key intending to sabotage and
disable all robot Scouts deployed for
the whole city including chappie with
the city's criminals running rampant in
the streets the government has to deploy
the most robots developed by Vincent
David soon locates and deletes the virus
on chappie
after being restarted chappie notices a
helmet used to control mousse robot he
proposes to transfer his consciousness
into a new body although it's denied by
David that consciousness cannot be
copied like the computer day
chappie would rather believe he can buy
a new body with more money at the
hideout
chappie re-engineers to allow him to
transfer his consciousness into a
computer so the three gangsters trick
him to rob the cash truck for the money
to buy him a new body meanwhile David
figures out the virus made by Vincent
and want to challenge him but with a
robbery caught on the news David has to
rush to stop chappie while Vincent
seizes the chance to get the permit to
terminate chappie with his moose robot
gangster boss also notices the
successful robbery on the news so he
fights to the hideout trying to collect
his debt at that moment the Moose robot
has also launched to the hideout
to joint the battle and then kill most
of people there right before it's gonna
assassinate David chappies shows up and
one a bomb Musa a chappie gets shot down
losses the bomb detonator while David is
mortally wounded and the girl gets
killed unfortunately before moose robot
is destroyed finally enraged by his
mother's death chappie drives David to
the laboratory storms into an office and
fiercely beats Vincent close to death he
then transferred the dying David's
consciousness into a spare robot through
the mist control helmet david wakes up
in his robotic body and in return
wirelessly transfers Chaffey's
consciousness into a nearby disabled
robot the last minute before chappie
dies of battery shortage David and
chappie are both reborn with new lives
and go into hiding
as the robot police are later banned by
the government at the hideout the dead
girl is set for the funeral but she soon
reborn into a new body implanted with a
memory chip of her consciousness mankind
never thinks of the coming day they
would be saved even by the robots
they've created this is Daniel cc movie
review bye